DOCSUP-11655: Document the SQLite (#27703)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/table-functions/sqlite.md

---
toc_priority: 55
toc_title: sqlite
---

## sqlite {#sqlite}

> Allows to performed queries on data that is stored in the `SQLite` database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to perform queries on a data stored in an [SQLite](../../engines/database-engines/sqlite.md) database.
```

**Syntax** 

``` sql
    sqlite('db_path', 'table_name')
```

**Arguments** 

> -   `db_path` — Path to SQLite file with the database. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md).
> -   `table_name` — The SQLite table name. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `db_path` — Path to a file with an SQLite database. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md).
-   `table_name` — Name of a table in the SQLite database. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md).
```

**Returned value**

> -   A table object with the same columns as the original `SQLite` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A table object with the same columns as in the original `SQLite` table.
```
